Sherry: IT WAS
BECAUSE OF ONE CARD
THAT MY LIFE WAS
TURNED UPSIDE DOWN.
THAT MY MOTHER AND
FATHER LOST EVERYTHING.
THAT I WAS FORCED
TO RUN FOR MY LIFE.
IT WAS BECAUSE OF ONE CARD
THAT EVERYTHING WAS RUINED.
BUT IT WILL BE
THROUGH THAT SAME ONE CARD
THAT EVERYTHING
WILL SOON BE FIXED!
WHAT DO YA WANT?
WHY HAVE YOU COME HERE?
I'VE COME
HERE FOR ANSWERS.
THIS CARD.
I WANT TO KNOW WHY
IT'S SO IMPORTANT.
I...DON'T KNOW.
OH!
DON'T KNOW?
YOU'VE BEEN CHASING
ME FOR IT FOR WEEKS.
NOW I WANT
TO KNOW WHY!
YES. FINE.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I HAVE BEEN
AFTER THAT CARD...
BUT ONLY BECAUSE I GOT AN
ORDER FROM SOMEONE TO SNATCH IT.
I WOULD TELL YOU WHO
THIS SOMEONE WAS, BUT HE--
HE NEVER GAVE ME
A NAME, I SWEAR!
I DON'T
BELIEVE YOU.
NO... PLEASE,
I'M NOT LYING!
THIS MAN,
HE'S A MYSTERY.
HE OPERATES
IN THE SHADOWS. AH!
SHADOWS?
HE'LL NEED MORE THAN
SHADOWS TO HIDE FROM ME.
VENGEANCE
WILL BE MINE!
NO! STOP!
DON'T! UH!
Sherry:
IT'S AS I FEARED.
TO GET SOME
ANSWERS...
WE'RE GONNA NEED TO DO IT WITH
TECH POWER, NOT MUSCLE POWER.
WITH TECH?
AND WHAT TECH
MIGHT THAT BE?
WHAT ELSE?
THE CITY'S MOST
ADVANCED COMP GRID.
THE PUBLIC SECURITY
BUREAU'S SUPER MAINFRAME.
AH...
BUT OF COURSE.
QUESTION IS,
HOW DO WE ACCESS IT?
♪
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK
YOU CAN WIN? ♪
♪ ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET
DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR
YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE
YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR
AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR
YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE
YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE
SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS
ITSELF INTO OUR LIVES ♪
♪
SO THEN...
YOU STILL HAVEN'T
REGAINED YOUR MEMORY?
NO. IT'S ALL
STILL ONE BIG HAZE.
HAS SECTOR SECURITY FOUND
ANY LEADS ON BRUNO'S ID?
WELL, WE RAN HIS PRINTS
AND DID A FACE SCAN
DOWN IN THE
SUPER MAINFRAME...
BUT NO
MATCHES.
REALLY?
NOTHING?
DON'T WORRY, BRUNO,
WE'RE GONNA KEEP AT THIS.
YUSEI, WOULD IT BE
OKAY IF HE SHACKED UP
OVER AT YOUR PLACE
FOR A LITTLE BIT LONGER?
YEAH, SURE.
OF COURSE.
♪
YOU OKAY, BRUNO?
YEAH, IT'S JUST...
I HAVE THIS WEIRD FEELING
THAT SOMEONE OUT
THERE IS WAITING FOR ME.
I DUNNO, THAT PROBABLY
DOESN'T MAKE ANY SENSE, DOES IT?
SURE
IT DOES.
DON'T YOU
WORRY, BRUNO.
WE'RE GONNA FIND
OUT WHO YOU ARE.
YEAH, I
SURE HOPE SO.
I FEEL
SO LOST.
ATTENTION ALL SECTOR
SECURITY PERSONNEL...
TRUDGE, YOU GOT A
CALL ON LINE FOURTEEN!
YEAH,
YA GOT TRUDGE HERE.
Building Operator:
EVERYONE NEEDS TO EVACUATE--
WHO IS
THIS?
THE BUILDING
OPERATOR.
I JUST GOT A CALL SAYING THE
PLACE WAS COMPLETELY RIGGED!
HUH?
COMPLETELY
RIGGED WITH WHAT?
WHAT DO
YA THINK?
WITH
EXPLOSIVES!
SO EVERYONE
NEEDS TO EVACUATE!
HELLO? HELLO?
HEY! ARE YOU THERE?!
WHAT'S
GOING ON?
Elsworth: HE'S
NOT... BUT I AM.
WHO IS THIS?
THIS IS SOMEONE WITH A GREAT
MANY LIVES IN THEIR HANDS.
YEAH, RIGHT.
I'M CALLING
YOUR BLUFF, PAL!
VERY WELL,
I'LL PROVE IT.
(EXPLOSION)
(SCREAMING)
(PHONE BEEPING WITH BUSY SIGNAL)
AH.
CODE RED!
YOU HEARD HER,
EVERYONE!
EVACUATE!
Duel Runner
Computer: CODE RED.
REPEAT,
CODE RED.
PLEASE EVACUATE
IMMEDIATELY.
EVACUATE?
AND WE'RE
STUCK IN HERE?
CHIEF, OUR DIVISION IS
ALL OUT OF THE BUILDING.
THAT'S GOOD.
DOES ANYONE KNOW
WHO WAS ON THE PHONE?
WE AREN'T SURE!
DEPUTY
DIRECTOR!
THERE ARE NO
REPORTED INJURIES.
DEPUTY DIRECTOR!
THE PRESS IS DEMANDING
THAT YOU MAKE A COMMENT!
DEPUTY DIRECTOR!
THE POOR GUY.
I FEEL
SORRY FOR HIM.
AFTER ALL, HE
DIDN'T SIGN UP FOR THIS.
THE REAL DIRECTORS
CAN'T BE LOCATED,
AND VICE DIRECTOR LAZAR
IS AWAY TO WHO KNOWS WHERE
ON SOME
EXTENDED VACATION.
NOW THERE'S PRACTICALLY NO
ONE LEFT TO RUN THIS PLACE!
(GATE BANGING)
(WORKERS GASP)
WHAT GIVES?
WHY IS THE
BUILDING LOCKING ITSELF?
I'M
NOT SURE.
THAT'S NOT
PROTOCOL.
Elsworth:
IT'S SEEMS THE
FLIES ARE DOING
QUITE A BIT OF
BUZZING THESE DAYS.
OH, HOW I
LIKE TO WATCH.
I FIND IT SO AMUSING SEEING
THEM SEARCH FOR ANSWERS.
(GIGGLES)
THAT CLOWN LAZAR
IS STILL ON THE RUN.
WHICH MEANS...
WHICH MEANS
WE DO NOTHING
AND LET THESE FOOLS
DESTROY THEMSELVES.
♪
Yusei:
THIS SHOULD DO IT.
NICE GOING, YUSEI!
THANKS!
NOW LET'S GET OUTTA--
WHAT IN
THE WORLD?
DO YOU
KNOW THEM?
YEAH, BUT WHERE
ARE THEY GOING?
HEY! DID
YOU FORGET?
WE'RE SUPPOSED
TO BE EVACUATING!
THERE.
WE NOW HAVE COMPLETE
ACCESS TO THE SUPER MAINFRAME.
COME ON.
Yusei: SHERRY!
YUSEI.
LONG TIME NO SEE.
WHAT'S
HAPPENING?
YOU SMARTEN UP AND
DECIDE TO JOIN MY TEAM YET?
NOW'S NOT THE TIME
TO TALK ABOUT THAT!
WE ALL HAVE TO
GET OUTTA HERE!
IT'S NOT SAFE TO BE IN
THIS BUILDING RIGHT NOW!
(GIGGLES)
ACTUALLY, YES IT IS.
WE JUST RIGGED
ONE BLAST FOR EFFECT.
WAIT, THEN YOU'RE
BEHIND THIS? BUT WHY?
SORRY, BUT THAT'S SIMPLY
NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS.
AU REVOIR!
WAIT!
LET ME THROUGH.
YOU TWO WON'T
GET AWAY WITH THIS!
TRY AND
STOP ME.
AH!
AH! SHERRY!
-AH!
UH! WHOA!
LUCKY PUNK.
BRUNO! YOU HAVE
TO STOP SHERRY!
Bruno:
YOU CAN COUNT
ON ME, YUSEI!
NO, YOU CAN'T.
YOU KNOW HE'S NO
MATCH FOR SHERRY.
BUT YOU
MIGHT BE.
THEREFORE...
I CANNOT ALLOW
YOU TO PASS.
♪
SHALL WE?
ARE YOU SAYING THAT THE ONLY
WAY THAT DOOR IS GONNA OPEN
IS IF I BEAT
YOU IN A DUEL?
THAT'S RIGHT.
VERY WELL, IF THAT'S
WHAT IT'S GONNA TAKE.
I MAY NOT KNOW
WHAT SHERRY'S UP TO,
BUT I PLAN TO
STOP IT HERE AND NOW.
THEN YOU'LL HAVE
TO GET THROUGH ME!
FROM MY HAND, I SUMMON
SPIRIT SUMMIT WARRIOR!
HA!
NEXT I ACTIVATE SPIRIT
SUMMIT WARRIOR'S ABILITY.
IT LETS ME SUMMON ONE LEVEL
3-OR-BELOW WARRIOR-TYPE MONSTER
FROM
MY HAND.
AND THE MONSTER I CHOOSE IS
THE LIBERATED REAR WARRIOR!
NOW BOTH THESE
BATTLE-HARDENED HEROES
WILL TUNE TOGETHER AND CREATE
A CHAMPION EVEN MORE POWERFUL!
BEHOLD THE POWER OF
TWO WARRIORS WORKING AS ONE!
BEHOLD, THE POWER OF
A SYNCHRO SUMMONING.
RISE AND CONQUER,
DRIVEN DAREDEVIL!
Duel Runner Computer:
WHEN DRIVEN DAREDEVIL
IS ATTACKED BY A MONSTER
WITH MORE ATTACK POINTS,
IT SURVIVES AND THE
ATTACKING MONSTER IS DESTROYED.
WITH THAT I END MY
TURN WITH TWO FACEDOWNS.
MY DRAW!
AND FIRST I'LL SEND THE
QUILLBOLT HEDGEHOG IN MY HAND
TO THE GRAVE TO
SUMMON QUICKDRAW SYNCHRON!
AND NOW BECAUSE THERE'S
ALREADY A TUNER MONSTER
OUT ON MY FIELD,
THE QUILLBOLT
HEDGEHOG IN MY GRAVE
IS SUMMONED
TO JOIN HIM!
NOW, LEVEL 5
QUICKDRAW SYNCHRON,
TUNE WITH LEVEL 2
QUILLBOLT HEDGEHOG
AND TAKE AIM TO MAKE
AN EVEN MIGHTIER BEAST!
♪
POOL TOGETHER ALL OF YOUR
POWERS AND MERGE ALL YOUR MIGHT!
I SYNCHRO SUMMON
NITRO WARRIOR!
NOW, NITRO WARRIOR,
ATTACK DRIVEN DAREDEVIL!
GO DYNAMITE CRUNCH!
I'M NOT LETTING YOU
THROUGH THAT DOOR!
I PLAY DAREDEVIL'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
DETERMINED WILL!
WHAT IS THIS?
THIS,
I'M AFRAID,
IS THE END OF THE ROAD FOR
YOUR NITRO WARRIOR, YUSEI FUDO.
♪
NEXT I PLAY MASTER
AND SERVANT'S RESOLVE!
FROM NOW ON, IF A
MONSTER IS DESTROYED IN BATTLE
DUE TO ANOTHER
MONSTER'S ABILITY,
THE DESTROYED MONSTER'S ATTACK
POINTS ARE DEALT AS DAMAGE!
HOWEVER, IN ORDER TO KEEP
THIS CONTINUOUS TRAP IN PLAY,
I MUST TAKE 1,000
POINTS OF DAMAGE EVERY TURN.
THAT MEANS YOU'LL
ONLY LAST IN THIS DUEL
FOR FOUR TURNS
AT THE VERY MAX!
FOUR TURNS IS ALL
THAT I WILL NEED.
AND MY DRIVEN DAREDEVIL
WILL SEE TO THAT!
WELL, THEN,
TIME TO REV IT UP!
♪
(thinking)
THE ONLY WAY THE SECURITY
SCREENS WOULD ACTIVATE
IS IF SOMEONE ON THE
INSIDE ACTIVATED THEM.
HM...I'M STARTING
TO SMELL A RAT HERE.
TRUDGE! REMOTE
FEEDS INDICATE
SOMEONE'S TRYING TO
ACCESS THE SUPER MAINFRAME!
WHAT?
THE MAINFRAME?
BUT THAT WOULD GIVE THEM
ACCESS TO THE CITY DATABASE
WHICH WOULD
MEAN... AAAH!
RIGHT. ALL KINDS
OF BAD THINGS.
PICK UP
THE PACE, MEN!
THE ONES WE
WANT ARE INSIDE!
♪
AT LAST, THE TRUTH
WILL FINALLY BE MINE.
STOP! DON'T EVEN
TAKE ANOTHER STEP.
IT'S OVER!
HUH.
WHOA!
WAIT.
NO. STOP.
PLEASE!
DON'T HURT ME! AH!
I SUMMON TRICULAR
IN DEFENSE MODE!
I THEN END MY TURN
WITH A FACEDOWN.
MY DRAW, THEN!
IN ORDER TO KEEP MASTER AND
SERVANT'S RESOLVE ACTIVATED,
I TAKE 1,000
POINTS OF DAMAGE!
NOW DRIVEN DAREDEVIL
WILL ATTACK TRICULAR!
AND SINCE YOU DID AND
TRICULAR WAS DESTROYED,
I CAN NOW SUMMON
BICULAR OUT FROM MY DECK!
IN THAT CASE,
I PLAY REVERSAL SWORD!
DUE TO THIS TRAP, WHEN YOUR
MONSTER IS DESTROYED IN BATTLE,
A MONSTER WITH A LEVEL
LOWER THAN THAT MONSTER
IS ALSO DESTROYED!
AH!
AND THEN BOTH
PLAYERS TAKE DAMAGE
EQUAL TO THAT DESTROYED
MONSTER'S ATTACK POINTS.
I'LL NOW END MY
TURN WITH A FACEDOWN.
(thinking) AND END ANY CHANCE
I HAVE TO DO DAMAGE THIS ROUND.
EVERY MONSTER I PLAY,
HE PULVERIZES A MOMENT LATER!
ALL RIGHT, MEN,
SWEEP THE PLACE!
YOU THREE
FOLLOW ME.
WE'RE GOING
TO THE MAINFRAME!
THIS
ISN'T GOOD.
WHOA! PLEASE.
LET'S JUST TALK.
♪
OH!
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
WHAT'S UP?
Elsworth: SECTOR SECURITY
HAS ENTERED THE BUILDING.
THERE'S NOT
MUCH TIME.
HAVE YOU FOUND WHAT
YOU'RE LOOKING FOR?
NO. THERE'S BEEN
AN UNEXPECTED DELAY.
I NEED
MORE TIME.
-BUT, SHERRY--
-NO BUTS.
I'M NOT LEAVING UNTIL I
FIND THE ANSWERS I NEED!
VERY WELL.
SO THEN YOU PLAN TO
CONTINUE THIS DUEL?
DON'T YOU SEE, IT'S
ONLY A MATTER OF TIME
BEFORE YOU
GET CAPTURED!
WHAT HAPPENS TO
ME DOESN'T MATTER.
SHERRY MUST BE ALLOWED TO
SOLVE THE MYSTERY OF THAT CARD,
NO MATTER WHAT
THE COST MAY BE.
WHAT CARD?
THE CARD THAT'S DETERMINED
THE COURSE OF HER LIFE...
PLEASE, PLEASE,
NO MORE, AH!
WHY DON'T YOU JUST LEAVE
NOW BEFORE YOU GET CAUGHT?
BECAUSE I'M WILLING TO
RISK MY FREEDOM AND MORE
FOR THE INFORMATION
I'M LOOKING FOR.
WHY?
WHAT'S THIS INFO?
IT ALL HAS TO DO
WITH ONE CARD--
WHERE IT CAME FROM, WHO
HANDLED IT, EVERYTHING.
ONCE I FIND
THAT OUT,
I CAN FIND OUT WHO
TOOK MY PARENTS FROM ME
AND FINALLY
GET MY REVENGE!
WHA...
THAT'S WHY NO ONE
WILL INTERFERE!
UH!
WHA...
♪
(CHOKING)
NO. THAT CARD...
IT'S THE ONLY CLUE...
THAT I HAVE TO HELP ME
SET MY LIFE STRAIGHT AGAIN.
SET MY LIFE
STRAIGHT AGAIN.
♪
(COUGHING)
WHAT ARE
YOU DOING?
SOLVING
THE MYSTERY.
THIS COMPUTER IS
HIGHLY ADVANCED.
I'LL OPERATE
IT FOR YOU.
WHY ARE YOU
HELPING ME?
I KNOW WHAT IT'S LIKE TO
HAVE QUESTIONS ABOUT THE PAST.
AND IF THIS IS YOUR ONE
CHANCE TO GET SOME REAL ANSWERS
AND I CAN HELP,
WELL, THEN...
WHY NOT?
WAIT,
SO...
THIS IS ALL
ABOUT ILLIASTER?
AND GETTING
REVENGE?
CORRECT, YUSEI, AND SHERRY
WILL NOT BE DENIED THAT REVENGE.
EVEN IF SHE ENDS UP
BEING TAKEN LIKE HER PARENTS?
DOES SHE HAVE ANY
CLUE WHAT KIND OF TROUBLE
SHE'S
STIRRING UP?
SHE KNOWS
WHAT SHE'S DOING.
IT'S NOT MY PLACE
TO TRY AND STOP HER.
IN THAT CASE, I GUESS
THE JOB FALLS TO ME!
IT'S
MY TURN!
PERFECT.
I SUMMON TO THE
FIELD DEBRIS DRAGON!
(BIG ROAR)
NOW, DUE TO DEBRIS
DRAGON'S ABILITY,
I CAN SUMMON A MONSTER
WITH 500-OR-LESS ATTACK POINTS
FROM
MY GRAVE.
SO WELCOME BACK,
TRICULAR!
BUT WAIT, THERE'S
MORE, BECAUSE ON A TURN
THAT I'M ABLE TO
SUCCESSFULLY SUMMON A MONSTER
I CAN SUMMON OUT
TURBO BOOSTER, TOO!
AND NOW THE
STAGE IS SET!
LEVEL 4 DEBRIS
DRAGON, TUNE WITH
LEVEL 1 TURBO BOOSTER
AND LEVEL 3 TRICULAR.
♪
OUT OF THREE
WILL COME ONE.
AND OUT OF ONE, WILL
COME GREAT COSMIC MIGHT!
I SYNCHRO SUMMON
STARDUST DRAGON!
(ROAR)
STARDUST DRAGON--
BUT THAT
MEANS...
IT MEANS I CAN
NEGATE AN EFFECT
THAT DESTROYS CARDS
AND GET RID OF THE CARD
IT CAME FROM!
OF COURSE,
IF I DO,
THEN STARDUST DRAGON
MUST PAY THE ULTIMATE PRICE
AND BE BANISHED
TO THE GRAVEYARD.
HOWEVER, IT'S A PRICE
WELL WORTH PAYING,
SINCE THE CARD I'M
CHOOSING TO GET RID OF
IS DRIVEN DAREDEVIL.
NOW, DUE TO THE EFFECT OF
MASTER AND SERVANT'S RESOLVE,
YOU'LL TAKE DAMAGE EQUAL
TO HIS ATTACK POINTS,
AND THAT'S
2,400 POINTS!
WHICH MEANS IT'LL
BE GAME OVER FOR YOU!
ARE YOU SURE
ABOUT THAT, YUSEI?
IF I PREVENT STARDUST DRAGON'S
ABILITY, USING MY FACEDOWN,
AND THEN DESTROY IT,
USING MY DAREDEVIL,
THEN YOU'LL TAKE THE EFFECT
OF MASTER AND SERVANT'S RESOLVE
AND YOUR LIFE
POINTS WILL BE GONE!
ALL RIGHT,
THEN...
GUESS IT ALL COMES
DOWN TO THIS NEXT MOVE.
I GUESS SO.
WELL THEN...
LET'S GET TO IT!
♪
STARDUST
DRAGON!
ATTACK WITH
COSMIC FLARE!
I ACTIVATE
THE TRAP STANDOFF!
♪
NEXT I'LL PLAY
MY DAREDEVIL'S ABILITY!
NOW SINCE DAREDEVIL HAS
THE LEAST ATTACK POINTS
IN THIS
BATTLE,
HE SURVIVES AND YOUR
MONSTER IS DESTROYED!
NOT SO
FAST.
I'M RELEASING
STARDUST DRAGON,
SO THAT ABILITY
IS NEGATED!
(BIG ROAR)
I DON'T
THINK SO.
DUE TO STANDOFF YOU CAN'T
RELEASE STARDUST DRAGON!
NOW GO
LAY WASTE.
FINISH STARDUST
OFF, DAREDEVIL!
BUT HOW?
♪
I CAN TELL
YOU HOW...
WITH THE
TRAP SPACE JUMP!
NOW, I REMOVE
STARDUST DRAGON FROM PLAY,
AND YOU TAKE DAMAGE
EQUAL TO HIS ATTACK POINTS!
♪
YOU'VE EARNED
YOUR PASSAGE.
AND PLEASE...
TELL HER I'M SORRY.
FOR WHAT?
WE BOTH WANT THE SAME
THING-- TO HELP SHERRY.
WHAT?
COME ON.
WE'LL HAVE A BETTER
CHANCE IF WE WORK TOGETHER.
HMM.
Duel Runner Computer:
ANALYSIS COMPLETE.
ALL RIGHT,
THERE YA HAVE IT.
GUESS
THAT'S THAT.
NO WAY.
THERE'S NO WAY
THAT THIS IS RIGHT!
THIS CARD
HAS ANSWERS!
IT HAS TO!
-WHOA!
(THUNDER)
AH!
WHAT'S
GOING ON?
SHERRY, BRUNO,
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
♪
SHERRY, NO!
Yusei:
WHERE ARE WE?
AND HOW DID
WE GET HERE?
UH.
♪
WHAT IS THAT?
AH!
♪
WHOA!
THAT'S BAD!
THE MAINFRAME'S
SHORTING OUT!
♪
WHOA.
IS THAT...?
NEW DOMINO
CITY, YES.
ELSWORTH?
TELL ME YOU KNOW
WHAT'S GOING ON.
NO.
THERE WAS A BLAST
BACK AT THE LAB,
AND I WAS
KNOCKED OUT.
WHEN I CAME TO, WE
WERE ALL JUST LYING HERE.
THANK YOU
FOR YOUR HELP.
IF WE DIDN'T GO AFTER
SHERRY WHEN WE DID...
WHO KNOWS HOW WORSE
THINGS COULD'VE TURNED OUT.
♪
THIS IS
STRANGE.
HOW DID WE GET AWAY FROM
WHATEVER THAT CREATURE WAS
BACK IN THAT
WEIRD ROOM?
I DON'T
KNOW.
BUT, I'D SAY THE
MOST IMPORTANT THING IS
THAT WE DID MANAGE
TO ESCAPE FROM HIM.
HIM?
SHERRY CAME HERE
LOOKING FOR ANSWERS.
ANSWERS ABOUT
ILLIASTER...
BUT IT SEEMS ALL SHE
FOUND WERE MORE QUESTIONS.
WELL, NOW IT'S OUR TURN TO
TAKE A CRACK AT ANSWERING THEM.